a trip full of places and characters
only starting with the foot itself
Cantabrian road is full of
secrets traditions and flavors because no
You sing with me the Cantabrian mountain range
has its own laws an ecosystem
own rock its own wildlife and a
culture cemented in the vicinity of the sea
and the heights we reach cangas de onís
city ​​located at the foot of the massif
western of the peaks of europe and that
It was the capital of the kingdom of Asturias until
the year 700 74 over the river seals in the
emblematic medieval bridge of the city
I meet with ramón celorio great chef
and knowledgeable about the Cangués landscape that
will guide in the secrets of cooking and
the products of the place are noises
sausages
and then the methods in the robot will
we make an oil we thrill him
I only have to taste and ready
with good product we did not know
good
do not
the terminal
provided that in this case it does not stop
amaze me
a case that is very close to here
where I am in areas of cabrales to
few minutes is one of the best
cheeses from Spain but by difference
and it's something that does not surprise me because
in asturias if they know something they can do
cheeses
and what better to take a cabrales with
a good bit of cider
Cabrales enjoys international fame for
the blue cheese that bears his name and is
guarded with zeal inside their
mountains
and as if all this had been little
We are going down the village that shelters
to martial house a restaurant with two
michelin stars and the mission of
place on the top to the kitchen study
his chef nacho manzano is one of the
most recognized chefs in Spain
I wanted to urinate took time
following you moving and I knew that
you were in a magical place hey lazio I know
that martial house takes many, many years
in the family home and difficult and it has
I have been transforming little by little
I would like you to tell me a little about
transformation when we were coming
this is the one that we started in 93
in a few changes of furniture of floors
these were formerly a pillar of cider
from my parents today is already stone
is and well that's look at what stone that
this is
we go stone that was there on that
they cemented the station that comes up
here that they are tremendous stones
Well, it looks like I invite you to the
cooks because with that city themselves the
We are going to have surprises
Here very well
this from my parents' kitchen so
small in a kind of dining room
there who are doing the Pitu itself is
good is one of the standard dishes of
that unties martial is a meat with
a lot of strength with a lot of muscle because
they would still loose eat a lot of green with
a lot of jelly here they are not frying
if what we do is give one doing
viva is already giving it in a winery
it's a night with salt and nothing we give a
little bit golden with an onion base
the garlic sideways because the movements
in the same oil in percent
green then we put the oil and leave
Cook when the onion is tender and
soft we have carnets dry a wine
white dry hundreds of women for
counteract a little the sweetness of the
onion half with 100 also prandi
good the dishes that those before
food was very typical at parties
the villages
the lady the peasant the Greeks
throughout the year and the day of the
village party was eaten as well as
rice
dark brown finish played as
a village
alfredo vale
we make a ravioli with the interiors
as interiors of the year we make a
ravioli that we sauté the liver the
doll and heart very special a
little bit like tanzania to give a
kindness and a taste also like this
Asturian and then a poached potato and
fruit for is new rich in potato
new very good
Very simple rib and I really like it
praise above all that many people are
used to eating chicken if you like
in an extremely soft way and not
realize that this is very gelatinous if the
skin is very good and then the meat is
a meat that when disarming the
it has some strands and it gives very well
social alhambra the shine that the
sauce
but another person who could reach
try another plate tiers here
characteristic which could be in
asturias the terroir keeps pointing out a
way of relating of living and eating
the domestic economy and the value of
product of the earth continues to give its
fruits the women and men of our
today's way have been able to convert the
beauty and the difficulty of the landscape in
a culture full of vitality in
our next road of the Cantabrian
we said goodbye to asturias and we will try
its incomparable rice with milk
we will know nothing less than
guisanderas de oviedo and in avilés al
mayer center and we are on the way
see you soon
I